README.md, before:

# Predicting how a customer will feel about a product before they even ordered it

[![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/zenml)](https://pypi.org/project/zenml/)

**Problem statement**: For a given customer's historical data, we are tasked to predict the review score for the next order or purchase. We will be using the [Brazilian E-Commerce Public Dataset by Olist](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/olistbr/brazilian-ecommerce). This dataset has information on 100,000 orders from 2016 to 2018 made at multiple marketplaces in Brazil. Its features allow viewing charges from various dimensions: from order status, price, payment, freight performance to customer location, product attributes and finally, reviews written by customers. The objective here is to predict the customer satisfaction score for a given order based on features like order status, price, payment, etc. In order to achieve this in a real-world scenario, we will be using [ZenML](https://zenml.io/) to build a production-ready pipeline to predict the customer satisfaction score for the next order or purchase.

The purpose of this repository is to demonstrate how [ZenML](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml) empowers your business to build and deploy machine learning pipelines in a multitude of ways:

- By offering you a framework and template to base your own work on.
- By integrating with tools like [MLflow](https://mlflow.org/) for deployment, tracking and more
- By allowing you to build and deploy your machine learning pipelines easily



### Install Python using MiniConda

1) Download and install MiniConda From [here](https://docs.anaconda.com/free/miniconda/#quick-command-line-install)
2) Create a new environment using the following command:
```bash
$ conda create -n mlops-app python=3.10
```
3) Activate the environment:
```bash
$ conda activate mlops-app
```

### (Optional) Setup your command line for better readability
```bash
export PS1=export PS1="\[\033[01;32m\]\u@\h:\w\n\[\033[00m\]\$ "
```

## Installation

### Install the required packages

```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Install the zenml init folder

```bash
$ zenml init
```

### Activate the zenml down for restart

```bash
$ zenml up
```

### Activate the zenml up for restart

```bash
$ zenml up
```

### Setup the environment variables

```bash
$ cp .env.example .env
```

Commit message:

update README with activation zenml

README.md, after:

# Predicting how a customer will feel about a product before they even ordered it

[![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/zenml)](https://pypi.org/project/zenml/)

**Problem statement**: For a given customer's historical data, we are tasked to predict the review score for the next order or purchase. We will be using the [Brazilian E-Commerce Public Dataset by Olist](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/olistbr/brazilian-ecommerce). This dataset has information on 100,000 orders from 2016 to 2018 made at multiple marketplaces in Brazil. Its features allow viewing charges from various dimensions: from order status, price, payment, freight performance to customer location, product attributes and finally, reviews written by customers. The objective here is to predict the customer satisfaction score for a given order based on features like order status, price, payment, etc. In order to achieve this in a real-world scenario, we will be using [ZenML](https://zenml.io/) to build a production-ready pipeline to predict the customer satisfaction score for the next order or purchase.

The purpose of this repository is to demonstrate how [ZenML](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml) empowers your business to build and deploy machine learning pipelines in a multitude of ways:

- By offering you a framework and template to base your own work on.
- By integrating with tools like [MLflow](https://mlflow.org/) for deployment, tracking and more
- By allowing you to build and deploy your machine learning pipelines easily



### Install Python using MiniConda

1) Download and install MiniConda From [here](https://docs.anaconda.com/free/miniconda/#quick-command-line-install)
2) Create a new environment using the following command:
```bash
$ conda create -n mlops-app python=3.10
```
3) Activate the environment:
```bash
$ conda activate mlops-app
```

### (Optional) Setup your command line for better readability
```bash
export PS1=export PS1="\[\033[01;32m\]\u@\h:\w\n\[\033[00m\]\$ "
```

## Installation

### Install the required packages

```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Install the zenml init folder

```bash
$ zenml init
```

### Activate the zenml down for restart

```bash
$ zenml down
```

### Activate the zenml up for restart

```bash
$ zenml up
```

If you are running the `run_deployment.py` script, you will also need to install some integrations using ZenML:

```bash
zenml integration install mlflow -y
```

The project can only be executed with a ZenML stack that has an MLflow experiment tracker and model deployer as a component. Configuring a new stack with the two components are as follows:

```bash
zenml integration install mlflow -y
zenml experiment-tracker register mlflow_tracker --flavor=mlflow
zenml model-deployer register mlflow --flavor=mlflow
zenml stack register mlflow_stack -a default -o default -d mlflow -e mlflow_tracker --set
```

### Setup the environment variables

```bash
$ cp .env.example .env
```
